Hey, Sister Muqiu
Hey, Chen Hao, you are here.
Come on in
Chen Hao, um, I am now
Just give it to President Zhang of our Chinese Medicine Association
Make a phone call
President Zhang
Then you don't have to.
What's the matter, we know each other
I saw it at Miss Ye's house
He found a Udmao black clothes to treat him
The result is a problem
I didn't expect the dignified president to be able to do this
Actually
I didn't come to the hospital today without incident.
You'll know what life is then, Mrs. Lin
Zhang Jiali
I have a big gift for your engagement party
Congratulations congratulations
Congratulations, congratulations, don't you?
Well oops
Brother Wang, your boy is developing very fast.
I can send you
talented woman
There's a future, hurry up
Lin Shao is coming tonight
Ask the eldest sister to come often and greet her well
What should I do? Master Lin is coming over
Did you invite this over?
How can I have so much face
Lin Shao heard that Ye was going to ask him to come, so he followed
Miss Ye is judged as a wealthy aristocrat
Miss, he's coming too
Everything else is fine
Ye matter
As long as we grow this big ship
Our family has flourished
Don't worry.
We must perform well tonight
OK, I'm going in.
Chen Hao really dared to come
This is Chen Hao
Can't you still go through prison?
Yes!
He came to my party dressed like a poor man
I have a big gift for you
How could you not come?